README.md, before:

# Project 3: Around The U.S.

## Overview

- Project name
- Project Description
- Links
- Images
- Recent changes

**_Project Name:_** Around the U.S.

**_Project Description:_**

The page does not have any actual function, but nearly every element on the page is part of a flex-box or grid-type layout. These techniques ensure that blocks and elements follow predictable and manageable positioning and sizing that can be logically maintained.
CSS Grid is implemented in the image cards as an alternative to flex-box because of the ratio of simplicity to requirements. Using flexbox would require more positioning and considerations that CSS Grid is designed to tackle.
When positioning major blocks of elements in single rows or columns, however, flex-box was used since it can achieve that with little code.

The page also features responsive design for screen sizes between 320px and 1280px, inclusive. This was achieved with media queries and implicit sizing techniques like `minmax()`, `max-width`, `auto-fit`, and the `calc()` function.
Where text may overflow their containers, special rules were implemented to ensure they stay within their respective boundaries according to the design.

**_Links_**

[Link to the project on Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/ii4xxsJ0ghevUOcssTlHZv/Sprint-3%3A-Around-the-US?node-id=0%3A1)

[Overview of Project on YouTube](https://youtu.be/ax2Zk1sN_VQ)

[View the site on GitHub Pages](https://aar7.github.io/se_project_aroundtheus/)

**_Images_**

[Brief look at the webpage responding to screen-size changes](./brief_overview.mkv)

[Page at 1280px](./1280px_demo.jpg)

[Page at 320px](./320px_demo.jpg)

**_Recent changes_**

_Major_

1. Cleaned up duplicate code in media queries
2. Ensured font and design stylings were up to specifications
3. Ensured that layout specifications were met
4. Created a video overviewing the project and demonstrating its functions

5. Added script.js

_Minor_

1. Reset default margins for the card headings.

Commit message:

Added HTML and CSS backbone for edit modal feature.

README.md, after:

# Project 3: Around The U.S.

## Overview

- Project name
- Project Description
- Links
- Images
- Recent changes

**_Project Name:_** Around the U.S.

**_Project Description:_**

The page does not have any actual function, but nearly every element on the page is part of a flex-box or grid-type layout. These techniques ensure that blocks and elements follow predictable and manageable positioning and sizing that can be logically maintained.
CSS Grid is implemented in the image cards as an alternative to flex-box because of the ratio of simplicity to requirements. Using flexbox would require more positioning and considerations that CSS Grid is designed to tackle.
When positioning major blocks of elements in single rows or columns, however, flex-box was used since it can achieve that with little code.

The page also features responsive design for screen sizes between 320px and 1280px, inclusive. This was achieved with media queries and implicit sizing techniques like `minmax()`, `max-width`, `auto-fit`, and the `calc()` function.
Where text may overflow their containers, special rules were implemented to ensure they stay within their respective boundaries according to the design.

**_Links_**

[Link to the project on Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/ii4xxsJ0ghevUOcssTlHZv/Sprint-3%3A-Around-the-US?node-id=0%3A1)

[Overview of Project on YouTube](https://youtu.be/ax2Zk1sN_VQ)

[View the site on GitHub Pages](https://aar7.github.io/se_project_aroundtheus/)

**_Images_**

[Page at 1280px](./1280px_demo.jpg)

[Page at 320px](./320px_demo.jpg)

**_Recent changes_**

_Major_

1. Added responsive modal for edit feature. JS not implemented.

_Minor_

¯\\\_(๑❛ᴗ❛๑)\_/¯

---

**_Change History_**

> `03-21-2024`

_Major_

- Cleaned up duplicate code in media queries
- Ensured font and design stylings were up to specifications
- Ensured that layout specifications were met
- Created a video overviewing the project and demonstrating its functions
- Added script.js

_Minor_

- Reset default margins for the card headings.

> `03-24-2024`

_Major_

- Added responsive modal for edit feature. JS not implemented.
